Add a list of known limitations (#467)
JetBrains/compose-hot-reload: docs/Known_limitations.md

# Known limitations of Compose Hot Reload

This list contains a list of known issues/limitations of Compose Hot Reload. The limitations listed here are mainly
caused by the external factors rather than Compose Hot Reload itself. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that these issues
will be resolved in the future. The list is not exhaustive.

### Adding Compose Hot Reload causes my application's window to flicker/jump/behave weirdly

Compose Hot Reload currently supports all main OSs. However, the dev tooling window snapping itself to the main application's

> window can cause weird behaviors (flickering, jumping, etc.) on some window managers. If you have encountered such issues,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
window can cause unusual behavior (flickering, jumping, etc.) on some window managers. If you encounter such issues,
```

please [report](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-hot-reload/issues) them to us; we will try to reproduce and fix them.

In the meantime, you can try running the dev tools window in the detached mode by setting `-Dcompose.reload.devToolsDetached=true` property.

Original issue: [CMP-9674](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/CMP-9674)

### Issues when using Virtual Desktops/Workspaces

All the main OSs support some form of virtual desktops/workspaces. However, they do not provide a public API for 
accessing information about the current desktop of the window nor an API for changing the virtual desktop of the window.

> Which is expected: user applications should not rely or care on the current desktop of the window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is expected, as user applications should not rely on or care about the current desktop of the window.
```

Unfortunately, this means that Compose Hot Reload cannot reliably detect on which virtual desktop the user windows spawns
and cannot change the virtual desktop of the dev tools window when necessary. The same happens when the user moves the main
applications window to another virtual desktop: Compose Hot Reload cannot detect that and move the dev tools window accordingly.

Thus, currently we recommend running the dev tools window in the detached mode if your workflow includes the use

> of virtual desktops. You can enable detached mode by setting `-Dcompose.reload.devToolsDetached=true` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, if you use virtual desktops, we recommend running the dev tools window in detached mode. You can enable detached mode by setting the `-Dcompose.reload.devToolsDetached=true` property.
```

Original issue: [#426](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-jb/issues/426)

### Compose Hot Reload does not work with Windows Dev Drive (ReFS)

Compose Hot Reload relies on the Gradle File System Watching to detect changes in the source files. Unfortunately,
it [does not currently support ReFS](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/file_system_watching.html#supported_file_systems).
There is an open issue in Gradle's tracker: [#31634](https://github.com/gradle/gradle/issues/31634).

So for now, we recommend moving your project into an NTFS formatted drive to allow Gradle File Watcher to work.

Original issue: [#190](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-hot-reload/issues/190)

> ### Running multiple compose applications in the same IDE instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running multiple Compose applications in the same IDE instance
```
